["Humming Town"]
From down down comics, in Hollywood, California,
HUMMING TOWN is now...
It's like a...
Just a little lovely, a hot week
And once you're on the outside
You live in a...
Let's bring out the mirror of HUMMING TOWN
Mr. Dan Humphill!
["HUMMING TOWN"]
Hello.
Thank you.
You're Comptroller, Mr. Jefferson Davis.
["HUMMING TOWN"]
I never do that.
I never...
You didn't know that I was the president of the Confederate States?
Whole shows go by and I never actually go.
Jeff Davis, by the way.
People should do that.
I think it's kind of implied, isn't it?
Isn't it?
A little implicit?
I did.
You're thinking very healthy.
No, I think...
I don't come to HUMMING TOWN because I want the notoriety,
otherwise I would be standing on stage and hiding behind a giant Buick-sized...
Hey, I don't come to HUMMING TOWN for the notoriety either.
["HUMMING TOWN"]
Why did you name it HUMMING TOWN?
I couldn't...
I'm bad at names.
Like, I...
Everything I came up with was taken.
I wanted to call it Scott Ackerman's...
Palooza.
I tried calling it at one point...
What's it?
Kevin Pollock TOWN?
But then I was like...
You guys are best friends, aren't you?
I don't like him anymore.
I don't like Kevin Pollock.
Let the feud begin.
All right.
So I got nothing.
I didn't write anything in my phone.
Then Dan, I will take it as Comptroller upon myself to tell you that today was a big day in sports.
Oh, oh, oh!
So we're going to do an old-fashioned...
Was it today the Super Bowl?
Yes, it was.
And I was surrounded by guys on the set because I was shooting today,
and as we all know, everyone in the crew is into football,
and then the actors aren't,
but then the crew was walking around going like,
Don't tell me!
Don't shut up!
Because they're all DVR-ing the game.
Did they tell you anything?
How much?
No.
I don't know.
Well, that is time for a sports career!
Throw balls, throw balls around.
When you throw balls, you're going to get around.
Oh, it's good to throw balls.
It's good to invest in your body.
It's a good thing to do because everybody knows that's what makes you happy.
Because look at life and look at history.
Everyone that's physically superior always ends up being unexploited and happy.
And rich and in control of other people.
I'll say, I cut that off.
Oh, wait, it's the other way around.
Should we start again?
Actually, the more sit-ups you do, the closer you get to being a slave.
A fate I wouldn't wish on anyone.
But hey, if it's going to happen to someone, it might as well be an idiot.
Our timing is up.
Hey.
Get to the bottom of this.
Hey, there's Dan Harmon.
He's dirty and he's in the corner, minding his own business.
Let's pick on him because obviously football isn't that fulfilling
because we have free time to pick on people.
Let's go pick on him.
What do you have to say, Dan?
Why don't you throw a football?
I don't think it's very important.
I'm not... I don't think it's important.
Well, we think you're wrong.
Well, I'm willing to bet my fucking life on it.
And yours.
Without moving a muscle.
Well, we're not willing to risk anything, but we're going to punch you.
I'll see you in seven years, you piece of shit.
Seven years later.
Okay, I'm still a nerd and I don't have any money.
Ten years after that.
Ah-ha, I got you.
I'm a PA in basic table.
All right, I think...
Okay, great.
I don't have my iPad, Dan.
I'm going off the phone now and it's a little harder to operate.
You're going to have to deal with a little sloppy or controlling music wise.
Listen, I got drunk today too.
I was drinking all day today.
But you were working.
I know.
You drinking on the set?
Yeah.
It's called functional alcoholism.
That's my gig, baby.
But I am a little softer on the edges, a little sloppy.
Dan, don't deflect from the fact that we are now in sports corner proper.
Oh, shit, shit, shit, shit.
Yes, yes.
Well, you know what? Do the thing.
Okay, we're good.
What's in the middle?
Start from the beginning.
Yeah, but this is off the phone.
Okay, here we go.
From the top.
Sports corner!
Oh!
Hey, what is going on?
Vonnegut, Picasso, Tom Hanks, who knows who they are?
Uh, hey, but what about that Brett Favre?
So Dan, off the top here, let's just come straight out.
Did you think the best team won today?
First off.
Obviously, Jeff, the beautiful thing about football, and the reason why everyone loves it so much,
is that the best team always wins.
That's the point of football, is it's a metric of worth.
We spend our days wandering around the city streets, not knowing if we succeeded or failed.
And then we, only in these arenas can we see, oh, I got a first down.
I'm a better person than the guy that only got a second down.
And if I get enough first downs, I can get a touchdown.
And then I get a rose bowl.
And if I get three rose bowls, I put them in a super bowl.
And then I really eat all the rose bowls.
Because I'm so powerful.
I'm such a powerful person.
Are you a coach or a player in this?
I'm just a general fan of everything athletic.
I think it's a great way to spend your time.
And when I was in kindergarten, they tried to hold me back for a grade, because I didn't know how to walk on a balance beam.
What?
And you know what, I applaud their scrutiny, because I'm famous for my balance.
I've always found you.
Not only am I, but so many are.
Beethoven, Einstein, Steve Jobs.
Boy, they're like cats.
I mean, we're in turmoil as a culture.
Where do we fucking cut this shit off and make a moon raker colony?
Balance.
So the Broncos were favored by six points.
But who did you think was going to win?
The Patriots?
The Patriots were already out of it because they had already lost.
Yeah, the guy lost his shoulder.
And then of course there were those rape charges.
That's a pretty good guess.
On my part.
You're talking about the New England Cosby's.
Okay, so it was the Patriots versus the Broncos.
No, no, versus the Panthers.
Panthers versus Broncos.
New England Panthers.
Carolina Panthers.
Which Carolina?
I think North.
North Carolina Panthers.
All right.
Okay, the North Carolina Panthers in full representation of the North Carolina lifestyle.
Absolutely separating themselves from that bullshit Southern Carolina by virtue of the Panther.
Their state cat.
I think they did a great job today.
Okay, let's be honest.
You don't care for sports so much, but I know that you do love entertainment.
You are known to be quite an arbiter of what is and what is not entertainment.
I thought the Black Eyed Peas and Sean Penn did a great job.
You're closer than you know.
I was amazed when Gallagher came out with his head had been surgically reattached to Anthony Bourdain.
They opened up with, they came out, it started with Coldplay.
You know, the most exciting band of all time.
Is this a tribute to concussions and people who have suffered so much head trauma that Coldplay is more at their speed now.
Then, I believe it was Bruno Mars and company came out and they're like, they fucking whip ass.
There was a bunch of dudes in the same suit and they're doing like Michael Jackson, James Brown moves.
And then Beyonce comes out, but still there's a Coldplay out on stage.
There's a Coldplay out on stage?
Beyonce was like tripping over him.
Oh, the single ladies.
What the fuck, there's a Coldplay.
I was leaving, I left the game during halftime so I didn't see it, but I heard that there was a thing where Beyonce almost fell over on stage.
And people were already online talking about Beyonce almost wiped out on stage.
So I looked at it.
Yes, Beyonce almost wiped out.
She's wearing what I can only describe as a leather one piece swimsuit with Michael Jackson braids and epaulets on it.
And like, it was pretty, pretty good and pretty sexy.
And then she kind of did a little stumble backwards and in high ass platform heels.
She caught herself, jumped back and jumped up and hit the beat with every other dancer behind her.
She couldn't even see.
So if anybody's trying to talk shit about her almost wiped out, and I was like, no, not only did she almost wipe out,
she proved that she's in better shape than anybody else.
Yeah, that was amazing.
I think she'll be fine.
I think she will.
PR wise.
I have a feeling that's not going to dig her.
If she fell on her ass and chipped over the side and like kicked the person in the face by accident, that would be, you know, clickbait for a long time.
I think with Bey, as I call her, she'd have to do more than that to start to suffer a cue rating.
Right.
She'd have to, as she kicked up, her shoe would have to hit the new Twin Towers.
Okay, I was going to say like a prematurely born baby.
And that land on the baby.
And I remember like, oh, and then she'd have to stand up and say, no, no, let him take it like a man.
And the parents would be like, no, but Beyonce, we want to just lift the shoe relative to this baby, developing baby.
And she's like, if he was born, he can live.
And if he dies, he didn't deserve to be born.
And then that, I think people would be like hashtag, like maybe Beyonce, maybe not.
There might be a backlash.
Or like if she went like all the single ladies and then she went like this and it said like Christ lives.
It's like on her breast.
She'd gain some fans but lose more.
I'd feel like anybody that brings a preemie to a Super Bowl half time celebration.
If Beyonce brought up, if she brought up, she was like all the single ladies, all the single ladies, all the single ladies, all the single ladies.
When you're a single lady, you want a man and you don't want to vaccinate your kid.
And then she brings out a kid, like a four-year-old kid and there's a giant hypodermic needle.
And then there's a certificate of vaccination with no signature on it.
And then it was like in her side, she goes, all the single ladies, what's your name, ma'am?
Margaret Dawson from Montana.
All the single ladies, what's your name, sir?
Bob Dawson.
All the single ladies, all the single ladies.
And you're here to vaccinate your kid?
Yeah.
All the single ladies, well, I'm here to talk you out of it.
Make it to the bop, put it to the stop, put it on the flap, top, top.
And then like, but we really want to vaccinate our kid.
And she's like, I don't care, I'm not letting you.
And then she like kicks the giant needle and it breaks.
And all the vaccination goes into the football field.
And she's like, that's where it belongs, in the dirt.
Don't vaccinate your kids.
And then Jim Carrey and Jenny McCarthy drop down on parachutes.
Wait, what's their mission?
Support.
I thought they were like threshold guardians where they're going to say no.
Oh God, no, no, no, they're all into it.
In this world where Beyonce suffers a little bit from the halftime show.
If none of that happened, I think she'll be fine.
I think she will be fine.
Janet Jackson, however.
One titty from infamy.
Showed her nipple.
She rolled the dice.
She paid the piper.
Not the price that we could have.
The piper knows what the price is.
Does the piper not like to rhyme?
I don't pay the piper.
I'm sorry, I don't.
Put a pen on it.
I never pay the price.
I pay the piper.
The piper knows what the price is.
I let the piper handle my money.
You're not at that stage yet.
It's the worst show ever if you're just tuning in.
I think this is still a thing you tune into, right?
People are probably flipping podcasts right now.
Can you flip? I guess you can flip.
I think you're flipping between Kevin Pollack and this.
What people don't know is that we have a cavalcade of stars.
You and I could start off as clumsily as we possibly could.
This show will succeed based on the energy of the rocket fuel
that we have in the booster, which I call the green room.
Let's start out.
Let's make a new friend in Hollywood.
Let's talk to our new friend.
She's here.
You may recognize her from the recent hit.
God damn it. I don't watch TV anymore.
Life in pieces. Go fuck yourself, America.
No, she's wonderful.
We're going to talk to her about life and acting.
Please welcome Zoe Lister Jr. Jones.
Lister Jr.
Junior?
Zoe Lister Jr.
That's it.
That one.
We need to take 10 minutes to talk about what I just did.
Hello, Zoe Lister Jr.
I like that a lot better than my name.
Is it tiny Lister Jr.?
That's the guy that's like the Zeus guy that like he does the pecs.
Like it's an 80s thing.
Zoe Lister Jr.
How's your dad? The infamous Zoe Lister.
Zoe Lister Jones.
Don't confuse me.
I'm tiny Lister Jones.
Here's the next thing I'm going to get wrong.
The most recent project that you've done is this movie and it's called Consumed.
Very good.
Nailed it.
Called it Consumption 8 times.
I'm busy. I'm a workaholic.
I don't know nothing about nothing.
Which is the combination of being an alcoholic who works.
The workaholic covers the scent of the alcohol.
People are like, well, he's getting shit done. He can't be that drunk.
Consumed, it's a horror movie?
It's a dramatic thriller.
But it has some horrifying elements.
It takes place in the world of genetically modified organisms.
Is this something that you wrote or you're acting in?
I co-wrote it with my husband and co-produced it and yet act in it.
You're a workaholic. Do you also drink or are you just a worker?
I don't drink.
But you just work a lot?
That's good.
I vape.
Do you not drink?
You're a vape-aholic.
Because you used to or because people that raised you did?
No. Well, I did used to.
People who raised me also did.
But I just prefer that vape life. I don't know.
It's better for your skin. It makes it less puffy.
Yeah, less puffy.
I'm turning into Shatner.
There's no hangovers.
Once you notice it, it's too late.
Like, oh, I drank for 40 years.
It's not like you could be like, oh, I'm going to now start eating wheat thins.
There's no reverse.
I like that in this day and age wheat thins are like the healthiest thing you can think of.
Wheat thins for me are like dessert.
All right.
It's not a competition.
Zoe, when you're living that vape life,
do you not get the munchies and want a snack?
I do. I do.
But, you know, I keep all wheat thins out of my house.
The wheat thins are...
I don't think wheat thins are even in production anymore.
They absolutely are.
And I know that they're not healthy,
but there is a holdover from the 80s culture where there was such a thing.
I know. Those were the healthiest things.
Yeah, it was like the font suggested health.
I know.
It's like beautiful radiant. There's like wheat.
Like there's a stalk of wheat.
And then the other word is thin.
Thin. Yeah.
You could do that in the 80s and people would just be like,
look, this is a good faith agreement.
Like, why would a box lie to me?
Yeah.
Did wheat thins have like the pictures on the back with all the different like toppings you could?
Oh, that was triscus.
Oh, those were really nasty.
Yeah, no, wheat thins were delicious.
Triscus are better than wheat thins. They're both good.
I like them both.
A triscus.
Well, we found out what our show is about.
Triscus are fucking garbage.
Oh, we chapped into something.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, I...
This should be Vinny's new platform.
He's got the youth.
So you're being a sensible vape snacker. What do you munch on?
Oh, a variety of like gluten-free snack items.
No wheat.
Did you find out, did you gauge and go, oh shit, I'm a celiac?
Is that what it's called?
No, I'm not celiac. I'm like, I have a sensitivity.
And you know, like when you go to a restaurant, you say like, I don't eat gluten.
They're always like, is it an allergy?
They're calling you out.
That's like when you go to the restaurant and go table for five, and there's only two of you,
and you're like, are they all here?
Yeah, I'm three of them.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no.
I don't have celiac. That's like legit.
I'm an actress. I make shit up and then like make my life harder.
But the gluten thing, we don't have to talk about this all night,
but you're a good person to talk to about it.
God damn it, Harmon. Get your shit together.
The reason why it's like in the zeitgeist is because we,
you don't have to be allergic to it in order to possibly benefit from cutting it out.
Correct. Yeah.
There are a lot of people with gluten sensitivities.
There's a lot of pesticides on wheat and people have.
But even if you don't have a sensitivity, I guess that's my question.
Like it's not about, oh, we're all finding out some of us or have reactions to it.
Is it more like carbs where we're like, oh, we, we cracked the code?
Oh yeah. I mean, there's like the whole like paleo craze where you like cut out starches too.
But like that's been going on. Yeah. I mean, if you want to, if you want to be thin,
you don't eat wheat, which is why wheat things are just a terrible snack.
That's, I mean, now that we look back on it, it's like, of course that's what they were,
they knew that in the boardroom. They're like, we shouldn't call it wheat fats.
It's going to make them fat.
That's why I like a Trisket because it just tried to fucking lie to you.
Fuck Trisket.
A Trisket named itself as a mythical character, a Trisket.
When they were coming up with the name Marlboro, they weren't like,
what sounds the most like cancer?
Yeah.
What we want to drive home is what's going to happen.
They want to, they want to whisk you away. Yeah.
Cool.
But Trisket is a biscuit that's Trisk. Like, what is it?
Well, how do they get that name?
I bet it's tri, I bet that, my guess, my guess, three forms of fucking something.
Like, do you get three farms of protein? Yeah.
You got your breads and your cereals and your grains.
I'll bet you a million dollars. No, I won't bet you a million dollars.
No, no, no, bet me a million dollars.
No, no, I did not bet you a million dollars.
You're kind of tying into the, a Tisket, a Tasket, right?
Oh, shit, no, that's it.
But why are then, why the Trisket?
Okay, I'm going back to my, on the back of the Trisket box,
I bet there's like a weird fucking triangle where there's like a basket of bread
and then like a bundle of wheat and then like a chicken with a bicycle or something.
And it's like, and it's like, you get all three and it's like, it's good for you.
And then there's probably like a woman in a leotard like doing a, doing the splits.
This is my guess. Actually, that's not being my guess and turned into me.
Just creating pornography for myself.
And then there's like a guy in a Superman costume just watching from the corner.
He's watching the chicken on the bicycle though.
Yeah, yeah, no, there's a dotted line.
And if you, it stops, it stops halfway.
And if you like, they discerning consumers of Trisket, they're like, no, he's into the chicken.
No, that's his game. Yeah.
Um, okay. Well, I was, so you mentioned vaping.
Is it like, like, like we, we, we respect any privacy you want.
You're a new friend. Do you, do you want to, can we talk about pot for a little bit?
Oh, we can talk about pot.
So Sativa Indica, I'm just trying to figure this out.
Well, you are, you're just trying to figure it out.
I've been a 43 years old smoking pot since I was 18.
But I, I think this, I don't know which is the one that makes me check my pulse and, and right.
Don't get high anymore.
Yeah. So Tiva's the upper and it indicates like to be a little sleepier.
I'm in the process of an experiment and I could, so I did the first half of it.
I went, I went to a party and I, and I, so I've talked to my girlfriend about this because she vapes like you.
She's part of this whipper snapper, vape in generation.
And I, oh, where is it?
Oh shit. I'll never pot research. Okay. Here we go.
So I started. So this is the first half because this is the, I, it's a 838 PM Sativa big hit blue dream.
I think that's the kind of pot.
Yeah.
At animals screening.
That's a restaurant here. And yeah, people love it.
Very uncomfortable.
Anxious.
Constantly conscious of chest.
Two deep breaths helped.
Had to stop breathing after noting a slash hallucinating the notion that people are watching me breathing.
That's all 838.
Wow.
And then 842 it says still same a little better.
Doesn't make, even make sense.
How can it still be the same?
And a little bit better.
Just say a little better, but he's high.
Yeah.
852, 10 minutes after that, this is the last injury.
Just high.
Really fucking high.
As high as you can get without a net negative experience.
Without a negative experience.
And then a capital M.
Also.
Yeah.
I think I started having fun at that point.
Right. You're like, fuck this.
So it looks like, and that was my estimation is like, I think getting high on pot is worth what happens to me often, which is this 838 to 852.
I'm bad at math.
Yeah.
Are you good at it?
No, no, of course not.
Okay. All right.
Say what?
14 minutes.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's even better than I thought.
It's 14 minutes of like, I'm checking my pulse and like, I'm worried that everyone knows I'm high.
Yep.
And then I'm too old to be getting high.
But then you like, you like mellowed into it and you had a great time.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
Pot's the best.
Like, it's just so much better than alcohol because alcohol, which you're seeing me on.
Right.
It's like.
Like, just like killing yourself.
Like you're just slowly falling asleep.
Yeah.
In front of and making it everyone else's problem.
Zoe, did you say which one you prefer?
The Sativa or Indica?
I prefer Sativa.
Yeah.
I don't need help.
And so you're saying the idea because I'm glad you didn't say head high and body high,
which has never meant anything.
Because if your head was high, your body would freak out and vice versa.
For sure.
Yeah.
Hold on.
I'm processing that.
If your body's high, my head's going to be like, whoa.
Yeah.
Totally.
High?
No.
Doesn't body high include head?
Isn't that like.
I think the people using the phrases head high and body high are so used to being high that
they don't know what it's like to be bad high.
Anybody who can get bad high is like, and whose life depends.
Yeah.
They're like, head high, body high.
Jesus Christ.
Dude, what are you talking about?
You're scaring me even more.
Foot high, arm high.
It's the worst show to not have Spencer here tonight.
He would settle this for us.
We have no Spencer tonight.
No, it's punishment.
He should not take off.
I like that you're like, though, I think like a real time documentation is cool.
Yeah.
My girlfriend said, well, just do both and like, let's figure it out.
Okay.
But we have to spread it out over days.
So that's Sativa.
That's Sativa.
So you haven't done the Indica.
Right.
I haven't done the experiment yet.
And then of course there's a million flavors and stuff.
Yeah.
For me, I'm such a lightweight with marijuana.
I can only do Sativa and operate.
Like if I do Indica, like heavy stuff.
I hang out with people like Greg Proops, as he says, he gets his weed from Yoda.
His weed is wild.
If I give his joint a stern glance, I'm fucked up.
So I'll do it.
Like if we're on the bus, like a tour bus for like eight hours where I don't have to do
anything at all, but he can get up and talk and he's articulate and stuff like that.
I'm completely wiped out by Indica.
So Sativa, I can kind of get by, but I still just want to sit down and eat Triscuits.
Boom!
The Aristocrat, the Packers.
Tired of not being able to eat a box?
Sink your teeth into the cold, hard, croisin' flavor of Triscuits.
Oh, Sam Elliott, do a Triscuits commercial.
Hello, I'm Sam Elliott for Triscuits.
It's a new feature, isn't it?
Yeah, I've been to it.
The wheat thin is for pussies.
But the Triscuits holds up to the cold, hard salami that you're used to.
I don't fuck with it.
No, it's better.
I'm sorry, I put you on the spot.
Well, that's the job.
It should be like Sam Elliott for pussies.
Well, I'm Sam Elliott for pussies.
Sometimes when I come home from a long day on the range, I like to take a nice pussie
and put it on a trisket.
All right, he's snuck it in. Synergy.
He puts the pussie on the trisket?
He puts the pussie on the trisket because the trisket can stand up to whatever you want to put on it.
As I understand it, and I don't know his own business.
You can't put a pussie on a rit so it'll shatter.
Trisket has that lattice structure to it that can take what you fucking give it.
Put your pussie on a cracker that can hold it.
That should be Hillary's new platform.
I put my pussie on a trisket or I get the hose again.
It's a silence of the lamp.
You just mentioned Hillary Clinton so that was the other uncomfortable place we could not go
because politics are so fucking boring.
But I just saw an article that I found absolutely fascinating, but I'm not allowed to find it that fascinating
because I'm a fucking dude and my fascination will bleed over into perceived agenda,
which I do not have.
I'm sure I'm seething with agenda.
But my agenda is I love women and hope they love me and wish that they would fucking wish them all the best.
So that's my agenda. I was trying to impress people.
But therefore I found it absolutely fascinating that did you see this?
Maybe it's overhyped, but Madeline Albright and Gloria Steinem,
who are these heroes, the dichotomies are clashing because it's like,
oh, what's more progressive, being out of touch or being a woman?
Because it was essentially like they were, I would use the verb cos being if that didn't now mean something else
before it meant what it means now.
It was like they were like you whippersnappers, you don't know what you're doing.
Like you're fucking up, why are you backing Bernie Sanders?
A lot of the sensationalized out of context pieces are like these very stately,
really respected power women from a much older generation appearing on talk shows.
And I can't remember who it was that was on the Bill Maher show that said like...
Oh, with Gloria Steinem.
She was on.
I think some of these young ladies are backing Bernie Sanders because that's where the boys are.
I don't know if that's a quote.
My dad told me today that there's something called Bernie Bros.
This is a thing and like... That's the guys who dress up like ponies?
Yeah, that's right.
Brrronies.
Go ahead.
But no, that there's this now like contingent of Bernie supporters who are like,
I don't know, misogynist or something, they're saying that they're like, is that the thing?
And yeah.
Right.
I heard only those two lines, the Gloria Steinem line about the girls just going where the boys are for Bernie.
I've only heard that quote taken just alone.
I don't know what led up to that or what followed that.
Which is an important part of the story.
Which I'm trying to open up to.
That it's out of context and that we're talking about somebody talking for a half hour.
It certainly doesn't sound like Gloria Steinem who's just one of the most famous and awesome feminists of all time.
She certainly... I don't think anyone would want to be courted to say that.
But I do find that... It's a fascinating concept, I guess.
I was like, as a dude, if I was just up here, I find this fascinating.
It's like, oh, yeah, but what's your angle?
What are you trying to prove that feminism is full of shit because women are going to be fighting each other?
She's too smart to have said that and meant...
Leah on the front row is shaking right now. Do you think she actually misspoke and said some terrible shit?
Well, grab a mic. Just say real quick, Leah. This is Leah, everybody.
Hi. Yeah, I listened to it.
And, yeah, no, it was... She was talking really quickly to Bill Maher, so she just wasn't thinking kind of.
And so she was completely sincere and it wasn't really attached to anything, unfortunately.
And everything else she was saying, I was totally agreeing with.
And the point she was kind of making, I think, is that she was talking...
Like, she was at the beginning of the feminist movement.
And so she was saying, like, at the beginning it was just a handful of us and we were like the crazy outsider ladies.
And so she was saying, now it's everyone. You know, now it's like a pretty common movement.
And so if you were around the beginning of the feminist movement, the idea of a female being president is so exciting to me right now because I'm fucking 27.
And like, it hasn't been a female president, and if Hillary's not president, maybe I'm going to be fucking 50 before there's president.
And so that's kind of the point she was making.
But, no, she just literally... It was incredibly offensive and there's not really a way to defend it at all.
Other than that's the point I think she was making was that she fought so hard, you know, to like just like try to get women to where they are.
And so then these young women who have just been born into this kind of perceived state of privilege.
You know, don't understand what a huge deal it is that we even have a woman in the fucking running right now.
And I love Bernie. I love fucking Bernie. You know, like, I love that he's going around saying all this crazy shit.
You also love a nice, cool, coarse light.
I've been drinking all day. I've been at a Super Bowl party, y'all.
There's no better way to wash down a Triske.
No, I'm a wheat thin girl. I'm a wheat thin girl, Jeff.
You're after having eaten that pussy Triske.
Unfortunately, it was just...
I grew up with a bullet.
It was just horribly offensive. It was just like totally out of line and offensive.
Can you say it because I can't...
It's just offensive.
Let me sit back and be fascinated by it. So you're a 27-year-old girl. You don't speak on behalf of all women.
But you are at least...
Not at all.
Like, talk about what's offensive about it.
I think I know, but if I pontificate about it, I sound like a fucking AM radio DJ with some kind of weird agenda.
It's just absurd because...
What? We're just supposed to like Hillary because she has a vagina.
Which is what I just said is partly why I want her to be president.
Because I deserve it.
Just the same way people have talked about how Chris Rock said that there was a black president.
And so that's changed things.
So now little black boys can be like, I could be president, which they didn't have before.
I'm still a woman. I've never had that.
And I want that. And I want my children to have that.
And I want it as soon as fucking possible.
And so I am voting with my pussy.
And I understand that that's inappropriate.
And I also enjoy Bernie. And I like that he's running around.
Saying everyone gets a pony, that's fun.
You're trusting us with the information that you are voting for Hillary and you are doing it for that reason.
Well, I also just dig her. I think she's like a real groovy lady.
And what we talked about when Rhea Butcher was up here, I think...
She said a similar thing.
Basically, yeah.
Because it's like...
Yeah, she was the one, I think.
What the fuck does a president do from top to bottom on the list of things that they accomplished that are the most effective?
Probably number one has to do with symbology and stuff.
Upgrade. Upgrade.
Yeah!
Alright.
But why it was so offensive, which is like incredibly obvious,
is no one saying that like men are voting for Bernie because he has a dick and everyone has a dick.
Fucking Rob Sharob. God damn it.
He's so handsome and fun. That was my point.
I've been drinking all day. I don't know if I said that already.
Sorry, everyone.
Now, tell me, Leah, was Gloria...
Is she pro-Hillary?
Yeah, she is.
Do you think she's saying that?
Like to kind of like say like, hey, like these...
Is she like straight out saying, yeah, these women that are voting for Bernie,
they're just doing it to get laid, but the real women,
the real feminists are over there on Hillary's side.
Is that what she's saying?
The way that I would, you know, most optimistically interpret it was what I already said,
was that she was around for the beginning of the movement where everyone was like,
you should be barefoot and fucking pregnant,
and now we've come such a long way in America where it's more insidious that the hatred of women,
like you can't just overtly see it.
It's been stirred in.
It still exists in a very potent way, but you can't just point at it and be like,
you should be barefoot and pregnant.
We do need to have a female, a woman president as soon as possible because it's been,
you know, we've had what, 48 or 49 in a row.
The idea that she has Madeleine Hulb right thing, there's a special place in hell for women that don't...
Okay, so you saw this too, yeah.
Don't look after the women.
Gloria Steinman's like, yeah, you guys are all being a bunch of dicks.
Like fucking get on board.
But by the way...
Exactly, exactly.
That to me, like, I don't mind that.
I think that's all right because, like, fucking whatever it takes.
Shouldn't they be, shouldn't they be, it's like, I hate to make obvious allegory,
but like when you talk about groups and you talk about interest and you talk about all this shit,
the alienation versus unification and stuff, and I'm a straight white fat male,
I'm just looking at all the rest of it.
But if a 70-year-old Black Panther said, you know, like we used like really rough and tumble in or out language,
you know, would you fault it as much?
And so that was the other fast...
That's why I was like, I'm so fascinated with this story because I'm like,
wait, how am I being fed this on my iPhone next to Amber Alerts?
Is there already a fucking, like, hamster bottle in place where I'm being told,
like, it's the easiest information to get into my mouth that women are fighting again?
Like, boy, are they ever gonna get along or what?
Honestly, and I've been drinking Yale Day, so I can't believe I'm saying this in front of an audience,
but like, I feel like this weird pushback towards Hillary,
and I understand that, like, she...
No, no, Jeff, this is all I have, you have the bottle of vodka, this isn't fair.
I don't have anything.
Jeff, there's a bottle of vodka, right?
I was gonna steal your beer, but it's warm as hell.
Uh, yeah.
Dan, could you maybe pour me some vodka while I continue to...
Yeah, but we got it, we got it.
But, okay, so like, it...
Best intentions is what Jeff was saying.
How many drinks would you say you've had today?
A plethora.
Like, all beer? Have you been doing spirits?
No, it's been like, it's been like vodka.
It's been vodka.
All right, come on.
It's gonna continue to be vodka.
She's not Truman Capote, who cares?
Let's talk to Zoe Lister.
I'm still making good, lucid points.
No, you are.
Oh, god damn it.
All right, that was your drink.
All right, that's...
Yeah, so that was the one for your down homey.
Most optimistically, the way I choose to view what her intention was,
which obviously no one's gonna talk about,
is just that she's thought so hard for like, just even the chance,
even like an inkling that we could ever have a woman president.
And so to her, it's just like appalling that 18-year-old woman would be like,
I like Bernie because, you know, because he makes all these great points
and he's not part of like this corrupt system, you know,
which is all fantastic reasons to vote for him.
And so that's the most genuine, positive way you can view her statements is...
I totally understand that like, we need a fucking woman president as soon as possible
and Gloria Steinem is just like viewing these 18-year-old women being for Bernie
as being like, what are you fucking doing?
Like, we need a woman president.
Like, you don't understand what you're doing.
But then the fact that she said that they're voting for her because...
because they want to impress the boys is so incredibly offensive
because why aren't the boys trying to impress us?
If anything, like the 18-year-old boys are trying so hard to get pussy
that like, I have to try negative amount.
I'm 27 now, I've tried negative amount to get dick my entire life.
Uh, well, I've watched men try like a million times more than me to get pussy
and so, so why would women be voting for Bernie?
What?
Sorry, I was just asking what cracker you think he put dick on.
To me...
Weethins, the best cracker...
I would go lateral and slide it between an inverted pair of baked Pringles.
Yeah, Pringles.
Here's your drink.
Let's have a hand for our election correspondent.
Yeah!
She's been drinking all day.
She's got a room temperature course like.
Thank you.
Yeah, so it was offensive, but I don't think she meant it that way.
Let's not think of as losing a layer.
Let's think of as gaining a Rob Schrab!
Alright.
I'm pretty sure you guys forgot I came tonight.
I'm pretty sure you guys forgot I was in the back room.
No, we were saving like a secret weapon.
I think you guys forgot that I was here.
Can we wrap things up with Zoe so we can focus on you?
Zoe, your name means life.
Yeah.
I learned that from TC2000, the Billy Blank's post-apocalyptic movie from the 90s, direct-to-video.
You should watch that.
Really?
Yeah, you should check it out.
You would really like it.
Is the protagonist named Zoe?
No, it's...no.
His name is TC2000.
TC2000, okay.
But there's a lady in there named Zoe, and Billy Blank says,
your name means life.
That's actually how I learned that.
Is it a Greek root?
What is it?
It is.
Yeah.
My mom, when I was born, she studied Kabbalah.
Kabbalah?
Oh, God.
She studied Kabbalah for sure.
She studied Kabbalah, and I was going to call it Kabbalah, but then I...
Yeah, she studied that, and you're not supposed to give your kid a name for a week.
Oh.
And you're supposed to name it the shittiest name you can think of.
So that, like, the angel of death passes over.
I love this.
Yeah, so she named me Dirt Pan, which I should have kept.
In English, or there was a Greek version of that?
No, no, in English.
Yeah, we're not Greek.
Dirt Pan?
Yeah, Dirt Pan.
So for a week, they called you, hey, Dirt Pan, pooped your pants again.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dirt Pan.
That's so amazing.
I've never heard that before.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, she might have made that, like, Kabbalah law up.
She's blamed it on Kabbalah.
I still believe that.
She was just doing her own pippy log stock in society, and she's like, it's Kabbalah.
Yeah, all of her abusive tendencies, she blamed it on Kabbalah.
And then after a week, she goes, okay, you're not Dirt Pan, you're a life.
Right, yeah.
Well, from Dirt Pan comes life.
Oh, that's so great.
My cat, my cat's name is Fiv, which is F-I-V, because I didn't want to fall in love with her,
because I was told she had F-I-V, which I thought was like H-I-V.
And I thought, like, I rescued this cat, and I was like, I don't want to get attached.
And like, we just started calling it F-I-V or Fiv.
Oh.
And then, you know, let me find out F-I-V.
Not that big of a deal.
Oh.
But it was like, but there was a ritual there where it was like, oh, this time went by where
you were like actively saying, and then this like goes back to ancient Greece and whatever
like Oedipus.
Detachment.
Oedipus' name is derived from the fact that his feet were big.
It was because they tied your feet together when they would lay you on a rock for the
wolves, which was a Greek abortion.
Like, they would just go, fuck this kid.
That'd be a name.
Greek abortion?
Yeah.
Instead of debt, dirt pan.
It's like a J-1 on a desk piece.
Okay, it's time to do some Greek abortions.
Okay, this one comes to us from the Acropolis.
What's that?
Third trimester?
Anyways, but that idea that there's like a spirit passing over, and then there's a point
where it's like, oh, this thing's for keeps.
I love that you would have a kid and be like, you're a piece of shit.
Your name's shit face.
And you're like trying to trick the demons.
Oh, that's a shit face.
I don't want that.
And then you're like, the coast is clear.
You're Theodore.
I fucking love that.
I love that so much.
Yeah.
And then she couldn't think of a name.
So I think probably the dirt pan was prolonged longer than it should have been.
But where she got Zoe was like, she was at the back of the baby name book.
They literally refer to you for the first week like your mom and dad were calling you dirt pan.
That's your handle for that first week?
I mean, I think so.
I don't have memories that early, but I think so.
That's what you end up doing with kids anyway, though.
They all have these little names.
They're like, hey, little nook nook.
I was like, why am I nook nook? Well, you used to eat cat shit out of the fucking vent.
And you'd go nook nook.
And you were like, you did shit all over your face.
And we were like, you're a piece of shit.
That's why I love it is because it's like an organic thing that happens where you're like, you're fucking, you're garbage.
Totally.
You're a rug rat.
Yeah, so many people are just like, I mean, hopefully.
Worship kids.
Worshiping kids.
Yeah, you got to give them a shitty name for it.
I used to call my pacifier my noony.
That seems like fine information.
There's no reason to not say that.
That checks out, yeah.
How long did you have your pacifier, Rob?
Like, until what age?
Way too long.
12.
No, no, no.
To the point where...
Way too long.
By the time it was taken away from him, its name was Noony Anastasia Henderson III.
Yeah.
Like my mom kept throwing it away, I would dig it out of the garbage and be walking around with the house like,
no, but a thing just sucked my neck.
I had a banky that I didn't want to part with.
Banky?
Banky.
Like a blanket.
Like a little blanket.
Yeah, so mine makes more sense.
Well, that's from Mr. Mom.
That wasn't a movie when I had my banky.
Was it?
They called it a banky in Mr. Mom.
Let's assume I was.
Mine wasn't ripped off.
I actually, my Noony was, I don't remember.
That was original.
So, did you have a banky or a wooby or anything like that?
No, I didn't have any of those things.
You had a dirt pan?
Yeah.
She was a dirt pan.
I was a dirt pan.
Yeah, I didn't need anything.
What is a dirt pan?
Yeah, why do you need a pan to collect dirt?
Well, when you sweep like a dust pan, but I think she thought that dirt pan was even like...
Yeah.
Like a bucket of shit.
Why would you have a bucket of shit?
Yeah.
Who knows?
It's like worthless.
That's my point.
Like dust isn't that bad.
If your parents' friends that are also into Kabbalah come over and like, hey, I've got shit for brands.
It's the best.
It's a fucking best.
But that's what really happens anyway.
When your friends have kids and they're like, do you want to say how to fucking shit fuck?
That's what really happens with your kids, right?
Yeah.
That's what we all do.
Just name them like Little Life Ruiner.
Yeah, something like that.
Yes.
But like...
Yeah.
But we always make those jokes.
Real in a career.
If you go over to your friend's house and you have a six pack and there would be a ballerina.
Yeah.
You want to look at little fuck face?
It's all...
We all talk that way about the little kids.
Yeah.
Pause.
Dream.
Yeah.
It's sort of like a slam poetry thing going on.
Consumed.
Yes.
All...
Slam poetry would be a great thing.
All we learned about it is that you wrote it and produced it and your husband, who I met back
in college, directed it and produced it, so like independent filmmaking.
Yes.
Where are you at with this?
Where's this movie?
Well, where's this movie?
It's coming out on iTunes and digital platforms March 22nd.
No theatrical release?
We did this cool thing with this company called Gather, which is called Theatrical on Demand,
which is kind of like where indie filmmakers are like headed a lot of the time because
basically it's like crowdsourcing theatrical, a theatrical release.
So you're not relying on a distribution company to put in a few theaters and then be up against
huge tentpole movies.
You're actually...
Is that then...
Does that then allow it to be only in theaters where there is a demand?
Right.
So you can still see the movie that way.
That'll be going on for the next few months, too.
If you just go to the movie's website, consumedthemovie.com, you basically see anywhere in the country
you can type in where you are and you can see if there's a screening and if 60 people
sign up, the screening happens.
Oh, that's awesome.
That's cool.
Let's go at this point.
Yeah.
I mean, it seems like...
Yeah, that's the way it should go.
Especially there's so much content.
So many people are making movies that there's just not enough room for...
Well, also, it's always this tiered thing, like we're still living in this old world thing.
The people who just want to make their movie and distribute it, which is totally great,
it's like...
But we're all drawn into this whole theatrical distribution thing and there's this really
old system where they...
It's a little bit based on making you ashamed of how many people want to come out and watch
your movie.
Yeah.
It's sort of like...
It's like, oh, we'll go to the 20 cities, these three cities, and based on how they
perform, then we'll try to have five cities, then we'll do seven cities, oh, bad news,
guys, a lot of that.
It doesn't have to be that way in a world where George Clooney can get online and go,
if three people give me a dollar for AIDS research, I'll cut my mustache off and put
on a shoe on my head.
It's something...
Everything's real time now.
Totally.
Everyone's picking on people for how they fly or don't fly first class.
You don't have to...
Yeah, no, yeah.
No, it democratizes the process in a really cool way, which is what art should be about.
How did you guys meet?
How did you...
We were just in the back room there and I said, hey, I'm Rob, I'm in the show, and
it's...
Kind of went from there.
Look, I'm a straight shooter.
I don't know her from Adam.
No.
Really?
Yeah.
No matter.
It's a blind date.
I love it.
Yeah.
Did your husband know about this?
He's here.
He's into it.
Shh.
No, come.
Don't.
Now, is he the Jones?
And you're the Lister?
No, no.
My mom's Lister and my dad's Jones.
They...
My mom didn't want to take my dad's name.
I...
The whispers.
Is your dad renowned in the industry?
No.
That's what I thought.
His name is...
No.
His name is Bill Jones, which is a very common name.
He's a conceptual photographer in New York.
Oh.
Yeah.
He's renowned in that field.
Sure.
Is he renowned or not?
Why'd you man to know?
Is that like a qualification to be on this podcast?
One of your parents has to be renowned.
Yeah.
We have to be able to trace renownment.
That seems to actually be like a big deal.
No.
The truth is, remember when we had Colin Hanks on?
Who's on my show?
He plays my husband on TV.
Yeah.
So, there you go.
That's the connection.
I love men at work.
That's...
All right.
Anyways.
You have a hard out...
You have a 4 a.m. call.
I do.
Yeah.
That's Colin Hay.
It's criminal that you're here from the union standpoint.
Yeah.
What?
I could get arrested.
Colin Hay.
What, Jeff?
Colin Hay is who you're thinking of.
What?
Into the mic, please.
You're thinking of Colin Hay.
For...
Men at work.
Men at what?
Rob and I are doing a sketch show at...
Right now.
You have a 4 a.m. call here in town?
No.
I have a 5 a.m. call.
So, I have to get up at like around 4.
Yeah.
Zoe Lister-Jones, to our handful of listeners that want to go find consumed...
You know, not to put you on the spot, but you know, here's your...
Tell them why to do it, I guess.
Oh, great.
Why?
ConsumeTheMovie.com.
It's cool.
Like, harkens back to like, 70's thrillers where people talked about real shit that's
going on in the world.
Where the bad guy was the environment.
GMOs are some real shit, yeah.
Like the prophecy.
Sure.
Yeah.
Not the Christopher Lincoln one.
The prophecy with the guy.
The mutant there.
Or like frogs with Sam Elliott.
Yes.
And Ray Milland.
All right.
Sure.
Yeah.
Exactly like frogs.
With all due respect, I don't think we're going to see any of them again.
Not alive, anyway.
Hey, Sam Elliott, do a commercial for Zoe Lister-Jones.
Oh, oh, God.
If you like Triscuits, well, I know exactly what to put on it.
Oh.
She's tall.
She's pale.
I am pale.
She's lean.
Sure.
She may or may not wear socks.
I can't tell.
But she...
Probably like, yeah.
They're socks.
She hides her socks.
But she's not hiding a new movie called Consume.
Unlike her socks, you can find that online at ConsumeTheMovie.com.
All right.
Zoe Lister-Jones, thanks for coming by.
Zoe Lister-Jones!
Good luck.
Come on.
All right.
Now you can come up and sit up here.
Not until you introduce me.
I don't want him to not come to the show, but also it's just like, I want...
He's being petulant tonight.
I was like...
You guys made me wait.
I went to the bathroom twice.
Dan?
Oh, Dan.
Rob.
The headliner waits to come on last.
Like, maybe we're saving you.
You want me to bring you up first and then in the middle of it?
I've done that before.
I've brought you up first.
And then I've brought up some guy.
I go like, oh, our next guest has like a weird feeling in his arm.
And he's worried it might be serious.
And then...
And then it's like, you're fucking eating fucking peanuts and...
It's like, it becomes like a sketch and I'm like, I'm a...
I've got nothing to do up there.
I'm just sitting there.
I'm just sitting there like a boob, man.
I don't want to be a boob.
I want to just sit in there, you know?
And my back hurts.
And I'm like...
Yeah, but you chose to sit in a weird...
Chair?
Vice principal.
How many chairs do you... there's not much of a selection.
That's the principal way of doing it is the most comfortable.
Our next guest is popular with listeners.
Let's welcome Rob from the side of the stage to the center of the stage, Rob Schrab.
I think it's better for camera if you sit in one of the more central chairs.
I think Jeff is way too low in this.
I've been watching the monitor.
You're too low, man.
You need to be up.
I think I have too much.
This is a big thing to get around.
There's a giant piece of furniture.
There's a leg thing.
If I sit here, I can't get my leg in there.
Right.
Because there's a big drawer.
Will you do something about this?
If this show required doing things about, I wouldn't be able to do it.
I'm a busy man.
Our logo would be up and not a peanut painting.
By the way, I was told this cost $1,400 not to throw it under the bus.
It's beautiful.
I think it's interesting because when they said that to me, the painting directly behind
you cost $1,400.
I was like, well, I assume all paintings are $1,400.
Isn't that why people paint them?
In the time it took me to smear shit on a canvas, I'd make $1,400.
Too far?
Okay.
All right.
Harmon lost them.
So you don't do a specific thing.
You're all a bunch of Hemingways.
The great painter.
Art doesn't cost $1,400.
What art cost $7,95?
What art cost more than $70?
Dan, what's your favorite Hemingway painting, Dan?
Art of how much does a Hemingway?
Let's all watch this.
Pour that in the air.
After Dan mentioned that the painting is expensive behind, Rob has moved closer to it.
He wants to block it.
Yeah, because it costs money to have it on the air.
No, because it's an artist getting attention.
That is true.
And because it costs $1,400.
I don't think I've ever gotten $1,400 for anything I draw.
Have you ever done canvases like acrylics or oils or anything, Rob?
Maybe in high school.
Would you do one tonight?
Yes.
Okay.
All right.
Sorry.
I'm not doing a good job tonight.
No.
And I'm not ashamed.
All right.
Rob.
What was your favorite sketch?
When I first met Rob and Dan, I walked into a comedy sports improv festival tournament
in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Don't do this.
And I had heard that there was a couple of famous, like, squads, teams.
Ethan, are you filming the whole thing?
No, the whole thing.
Oh, he's got his camera up the whole time.
It's cheaper than paying for it.
But he paid to get it.
It's more expensive to sit where he's sitting.
He's got twice as much to get into the show.
All right.
I had heard that the New York team was the Bert Firstners.
Like, those guys were supposed to be like, oh, I came from the LA team, which is, you
know, hodgepodge of people.
And I was one of the couple younger, like the whippersnappers on the team.
Right.
But the Milwaukee team had the sketch group, a side group called the Dead Alewives.
And that included Rob and Dan and several others.
And the Bert Firstners were the side group of the New York team.
So I came into a festival very freaked out and nervous because I'd only done comedy
sports, I think, you know, eight times or something like that.
I mean, you know, not that many times.
9-11.
Okay.
Wait.
Can you put a pin?
Yeah.
You got to put a pin.
Okay.
Pin.
I texted Bob Saget because I had a picture on my watch of Bob Saget's face because it came
up.
I'll put a picture on your watch to begin with.
I'll explain that in a second.
Okay.
But there was a, my Apple Watch, when its software got updated, allowed you to have a photo
as the watch face.
Wow.
At 9-11 in the morning.
That's great.
I know.
Leaps and bounds.
Yeah.
I went like this one morning, two days, three days ago.
And Bob Saget's face came up and it said 9-11.
And I very quickly took a photo of it and I tweeted it to you.
Yeah.
I saw that.
For obvious reasons.
Spencer.
He's part of the family.
Justin Roiland, who is the one who took a picture of Bob Saget's face from the cover
of, I think, People.
And that's why you selected that as your...
Yeah.
Everybody had a reason.
And Bob Saget.
I sent it to Bob Saget as well because it's Bob Saget.
Are you guys palsy lousy?
No.
I don't know him.
I saw that.
Halfway through the day, Bob Saget tweeted.
He responded and said, I am honored.
And then he did a bit about like, you're probably the only person that wants to look at my face
in the morning or something like that.
And everybody was like, Bob Saget tweeted you back.
And I was like, oh, that's great.
Where is that?
I'm going to retweet his tweeting.
And I scrolled it.
And I was like, where is it?
What happened?
Where did it go?
He took it down.
And then everybody was like, wait, wait, what is it?
Yeah.
No, it was him.
Was it a fake account?
No, it wasn't.
He deleted it.
He deleted it because...
Because he realized after the fact that he was...
That it was a 9-11 joke.
Yeah.
He saw his face and didn't see 9-11.
Then later on he goes, oh.
And so now it's that I told...
Yeah, I just...
It makes me hate him, right?
Doesn't it make you hate a person?
Hate might be coming a little hard.
Well, like, I mean, it doesn't make you love him, does it?
Yeah.
Well, also, he's famous for having one of the bluest, most dark, dirty stand-ups in the
world.
I'm honored.
And I was like, okay, that's glib and stuff, but it was like...
Maybe he is a big...
Like, he works for a major first responder's charity or something like that.
What if one of his family died in 9-11?
Yeah.
Does it know for a fact that he was the one who deleted it?
What do you mean, sir?
You think somebody else runs Bob Sagg?
It's like Twitter?
No, because you tweeted it.
Oh, you're saying he deleted it on his...
Yeah, no, yeah.
The tweet was deleted.
Yeah.
There's a manic depressive in the front row.
Rather than explain everything you asked, it's the quickest way.
There's a crazy person.
He's got Kleenex boxes on his feet and a dog skull around his chest.
Did you fire back at Saggit about this?
No, but I sent a photo.
I had Justin because at 9-11 p.m., there was a...
Justin tweeted it.
Let's all do it every day now.
Let's just make that a thing.
That's what I started thinking.
He's like, maybe it could be a thing, but then I forgot about it.
I mean, I would say if you want to, just if you're listening, if you want to...
But I think...
I guess maybe someone from Netflix called him and said, knock it off.
Knock it off.
He said, what?
No, I laughed.
It's great.
He's like, that's a 9-11 joke.
Look at the time.
You narcissist.
Look at the number above your head.
But I think it makes me feel like maybe he had something to do with 9-11.
Because why would you...
Yeah, because the statute of limitations still hasn't run out on that.
Right.
He was like, what have you found?
Saggit's still under investigation because I know he was for a while.
I don't know.
I think he's eluded it.
Yeah.
And I think questions need to be raised.
I think this might go all the way to the top.
It starts with the people associating his face with 9-11.
I'll tell you that.
Anyways.
I'm...
All right.
Please, one of you was talking and now talk more.
You were telling a story.
I was saying that I walked into a room and I saw...
It was like the first night I was there at Milwaukee Comedy Sports and there was a sketch
happening called The Dead Ale Wives and you two were on stage.
And what would...
We would have been what, 25, 6, 7, 8, like around that age?
I was 24.
You're probably three years old, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
And so they were up there doing it and I sat down there and I sat in the back and I was
completely bummed out because I was like, these guys are...
These guys are renegade.
These guys are out there and like crazy and stuff like that.
And then I wouldn't like talk to you guys because I was too afraid of you guys.
We all kind of found like we all ended up hanging out.
But do you guys remember...
Was there a sketch, an Ale Wives sketch that was the two of you?
Did you guys have like a Burton, Ernie, Abbott and Costello kind of...
We had a Fred and Barney one that was pretty accurate.
What was it?
What was that?
That was just like a post-apocalyptic Flintstone.
Fred and Barney.
Yeah.
You were Fred, of course.
But probably not funny, right?
Oh, no.
None of those was funny.
So, yeah.
I mean, it's not like the dead parrot.
We're not going to do anything.
Okay.
It's not going to be funny.
I mean, I don't remember any...
I mean, like a post-apocalyptic...
Kind of drunk.
Yeah.
We're all very drunk.
I'm not saying...
I wasn't trying to pin you to pull out one of your sketches and do, I was having...
But I think we should...
I think we should do a new sketch called...
Uh-oh.
Oh, boy.
The Drive-Thru To...
Now that we're all back together...
Oi!
Get me some French boys!
He's... he's on the other side of the car.
He's English.
Get me some French boys!
Got it, got it.
That's genius.
Genius.
That's very good.
But that's not...
I just sketched it so much better than I thought I would.
The payoff is so huge.
It goes places that you don't expect it to go.
That's what I love about it.
I love it.
The payoff is so huge.
The places that you don't expect it to go.
That's what I love about the sketch.
Hello?
Yeah, are you still open?
May I help you?
Yes.
We'd like some French fries.
I'm sorry, we're not open right now.
You should have said that before you let us in.
Well, you didn't ask, did you?
Boy, ask him when they're open.
Oh.
Oh, I'm sorry, mate.
We're open for you and not for your friend
and doesn't know which side of the fucking driver car on.
That's all right.
What would you like, hon?
What would I get you?
Oh, lock me some chips.
Oh, that's what the fuck he'd say, right?
Oh, you go together.
Oh, you get chips, you fat.
Oh, there'll be fucking chips.
Can you get me a Dior Doctor Pepper?
Dior Doctor Pepper, he's a...
Oh, oh, oh, he's a right-in, isn't he?
He's a fucking good-in.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you're gonna be swimming in
Dior's fucking Dior Doctor Pepper.
Yeah, well, you fucking can't
spend like his fucking...
Oh, yeah.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yo, yo, yo.
Yo, give me that.
Yeah, yeah.
What do you want?
Do you guys have shakes?
Sorry, we're not open right now.
Oh!
Oh, you're still there?
Do we have shakes? Oh, yes, I have a fucking question.
I've got all the shakes you fucking...
What kind of shake would you like, my friend?
I'd like me a...
I'd like me a St. Patrick's Shake.
Or then you're gonna get a fucking St. Patrick's Shake, then.
Oh, thank you very much.
You're very welcome.
Thank you very much.
You're great and a good ATU.
Oh, thank you very much.
That'll be two and five pence.
All right, pay the man.
Is it two...
So, seven pence?
Sorry, no, no.
Oi, it is eight seven pence.
Would you explain to your friend
how English money works?
Eight seven pence.
He says it's seven pence.
You said two and five pence.
Two quid five.
Okay, like...
Pay the man.
Tears seven pence coming through the pneumatic tube
underneath the speaker.
Whoa.
There's your change.
Oh, I got...
I gave him seven pence.
Yeah, you gave me too much, you stupid Yankee talk.
You asked for two and five pence.
Yeah, you gave me...
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Yeah,
he don't know what to eat.
He don't know what to eat.
Oh, oh, oh.
He don't know what it is.
Where do I pick up
the food?
Where do I...
He wants to know.
He wants to know what a food...
What the fuck do you think the fucking food cuts?
Where do you pick up the food?
I'm sorry, we're closing now.
I just gave you seven pants and you gave me change.
He wants to know when he can get the food.
And where?
You know what? Fuck it.
Fuck it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Oh shit!
Oh, oh, oh, oh! He's reloading!
Carry guns!
Are you out now?
Oh shit!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
AAAAH!
Whoa!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Whoa, whoa!
Whoa!
statue.
Oh God, Whoa!
Wow, wow!
Wow.
Oh.
What?
Wow!
Whoa!
Whoa...
What?
Whoa!
Whoa...
Wow!
What?
fellas
Meow MEOW MEOW MEOW MEOW
distortion
Would that be all?
Yeah, that will be all for this evening.
Oh, Mike, you were fucking dreaming the whole time you were in the drive-thru.
You look a fright, sir.
You look a fright.
Our flight is about to land any second now.
Would you like some peanuts or some water on you?
Would I like some peanuts?
Would you like my peanuts and some water?
I thought you'd never ask.
I would adore some peanuts.
Okay, here we go.
Here we go.
It's happening right now.
This is a real thing, people.
It's really happening.
Okay.
Yes, sir, may I help you?
Would you like some of my peanuts and your water?
The people across from me are having sex.
I'm across from you.
I'm really getting all that peanuts in here.
Hey, it's first class.
Would you like to buy this painting?
It's only $14,000.
They didn't create Snoopy, but they sure the fuck painted it.
Did Charles Schultz ever get $14,000 for a fucking paint?
No.
Charles Schultz or his family gets none of that money, but good grief, he's going to
get $14,000.
Good grief, Charlie Brown.
Is your first outsider art ripoff scam, Charlie Brown?
Yeah, I feel a little weird about charging $14,000 for somebody else's idea.
That's crazy.
I feel a little weird about that.
Like maybe if it was parody, like if Lucy was sucking a dick or...
All right.
But there's like a weird skull thing happening there.
How much?
Okay, so your name is what?
And how much will you charge for this fan art?
14?
Okay.
Yeah, let's go with like $14,000.
Yeah, well, I don't know, a hush comes over a crowd full of people that lift nothing for
a living.
Never will.
They're like, wait a minute, oh shit, my Etsy shop just closed.
No, you're fine.
You're fine.
Keep doing your Mr. T lunchboxes.
And skud shirts.
Yeah, you know you're doing it.
All right.
Was the sketch, what happened with the sketch?
I think we're finished.
I think, or is this is still it?
Well, now we're on the plane, you just woke up, realized that maybe possibly the whole
drive-thru thing was a fantasy while you were 35,000 feet above the planet.
Right.
Now, I was always in the scene.
Okay, okay.
All right, but...
Oh, I'm sorry, sir.
Meanwhile, in the cockpit.
Okay.
All right.
Ladies and gentlemen, once again, I remind you, you're on an airplane, you have no control
of your life, sitting on a black metal tube and flying around, my name's Captain Jenkins.
You're about to fall out of the road.
Shit, what the fuck?
What's your shit?
Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen,
ladies and gentlemen, everything's fine, just walk about, what the fuck, what the fuck?
Let me touch you.
Sorry, sorry.
Let me walk about the cabin.
Let me touch you.
Fuck, what the fuck?
Let me touch you, please.
No, you can't.
Let me touch you.
No, what the fuck?
Let me touch you, please.
The fuck's going on?
I've been waiting my whole life.
It's stupid.
I snuck in from the baggage.
You can't...
I snuck...
You can't get in a cockpit?
Let me touch...
I snuck in from the baggage.
Let me...
Let me touch.
The door's locked.
Captain, is everything okay in there?
We're busy.
Okay, I'll come back later, Captain.
No, Maggie!
Maggie!
Let me just touch once.
Let me just touch you once and I'll go.
I promise.
Let me touch once and I'll go.
You shouldn't be alive.
You're not even sitting in real space.
I know.
Let me touch you once and I'll go home.
I promise.
Let me touch.
Let me touch once.
It's okay.
It's alright.
It's alright, okay?
Take a short break.
Okay, I'll be back later, Captain.
I know.
I swear.
Okay, I'll be back later.
I promise.
Let me just touch once and I'll go home.
You're my imaginary friend.
You remember.
But you're not real.
No.
But I'm here.
Flashback.
Na, na, na, na.
Ah, ah, ah.
Chiron, 1975.
Ah, nah, nah, nah.
Smoke of the water.
Poverty Noticed
Jeff. Jeff. Jeff. Jeff.
Johnson summer camp.
Just fun.
Loser
Interior cabin and that's how
you fold your shirt.
Hey, who W rescued
you working with?
Oh, nobody.
Nobody really likes me.
I just tell people how to fold shirts,
I guess probably shouldn't complain
about my lack of popularity.
I don't have a bunkmate.
My name's Captain, I hope one day, Captain Dan Harmon.
Mm-hmm.
One day, I'm going to be in charge of all the clouds.
I know you will.
Captain Harmon, will you be my bunkmate?
Bunkmate?
Will you be my bunkmate?
Hey, hey, I said lights out.
You guys have to pick a bunkmate and get to bed.
I'm going to sit.
This is Jeff Johnson's summer camp.
I want to take chip.
I'm going to set the drapes on fire.
Oh, no.
Oh, that's a fire.
Ah, oh, no.
Oh, no.
My, no, my, my, my, my, my.
You did it.
Oh, no.
Oh.
Ah, ah.
Mama, mama, mama, mama, mama.
Mama.
I didn't do that.
Mama, mama.
Mama.
Mama! Mama! Mama!
Captain Dan Hartman, get out of the fire! Get out of the fire!
Mama! Mama! Mama! Mama!
Get out of the fire! Mama! Mama! Mama!
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you very much!
Thank you! Thank you for doing it! Why did you just stand in the fire?
Thank you! I was for a second,
I was animatronic for a second, and then
now I'm back to normal. Two years!
Oh, go ahead, you were going to cut to the meeting.
No, go ahead, don't go ahead. Are you okay? I'll be fine. Go ahead, cut to the...
Are you sure? What's your name? My name's Cletus.
Tell me about yourself. Well, I'm physically
you know, disfigured now for the rest of my life.
Captain Hartman, what the hell is going on? And I told you guys lights out. Sir!
He lights up! He lit everything on fire!
Why are all my curtains burned? What did you do to his, Cletus's face?
Um, hello. The curtains can be replaced.
Oh. Sir,
sir, I would never say curtains on fire, sir.
Sir, it's unclear to me if Cletus exists or not.
No, I exist, I exist.
Well, Cletus says that. I don't know, I think you guys should cut to two years later
and find out.
Sir, I just, before we go to two years later,
there must be a reason we touched in here to say that I wish I was
a good car pilot. You want to
be in command of all the clouds. Yes, sir! Yes, sir!
Yes, sir! Command on clouds, sir! If you think the best path to commanding
all the clouds is to set your bung made on fire,
well, you got another thing coming, mister. Sir, pilot Harmon
has no bunk mate. Sir, pilot Harmon is in charge of his own destiny.
That's what you think.
Woo!
You're in my domain now.
Come on, let's go meet the Gelflings.
You're never going to flash back to the present ever.
Ever! You're never going to flash back to the present.
You're going to stay here with me. Oh, Cletus, who is your friend?
Oh, hello, Lord Gelfling. Nice to meet you.
Gelfling, look at that. And Cletus, what happened to your beautiful face?
I'm a different character, but my
face is beautiful. Okay, I'm sorry. You reminded me of a flashback.
Cletus is all fucked up and melted derma wax face.
Look at this angel.
Look at this angel. He looks like somebody who could command a cloud.
Yeah, we are having trouble with the clouds.
We've lost all control of our clouds. The clouds rain on our parade.
We have a parade? That's how we make power.
We've looked at them from both sides now. From up and down and still somehow.
Cloud illusions, I recall. I really don't know clouds at all.
Oh!
Joni Mitchell reference. Oh!
The clouds in rain!
You can command the clouds. Make the rain go away.
I'd like to go home.
And I find you racist.
Are you refusing this call?
Wait, we are only an act one?
It's a flashback. What did you want?
Look.
I am. Okay. Then I guess I can't
persuade you to stay.
Can I go home? No!
Yes. Where do I go?
He wants to know where to go.
Through the clouds. I'll find it.
I'm not even listening to you. Through the clouds.
Wait! I can only go back so far.
You have a button open on your shirt.
Fat shaming.
It gets cold up there. You might want a button on your shirt.
All the way to the bottom.
No one's looking.
You can button your shirt now.
Just go ahead. One button.
No one will judge you.
You have been blocked.
The power
of the button.
Use this power well.
I will.
Anything else while I'm up?
I'm going back to my office.
He's the top of a beanstalk.
Put it out of your mind.
I don't.
Okay.
Most climbing my spine.
I'm...
I am...
Who is I am?
Wait! Don't go!
It's fun up here.
You're not even going to try?
I said to try.
I know where you are and you sound like a sheep.
I'm up above you. You're climbing my vine.
Thank you for letting me climb it. My name is Dan Harmon. I've been through a lot today.
I'm just trying to get down from the cloud world.
Beyond that, I can't really remember.
If you want to get down, that's easy.
I can't.
No!
Hello!
Hello?
Hello.
Hello. Welcome. Welcome to Andromeda Strain.
These are the special extras of Michael Crichton's Andromeda Strain.
Would you like to see a BTS of Andromeda Strain?
And how they did it?
Yes, press play.
Hi, I'm Michael Crichton. You know what's weird? Science.
Science is strange. Freaks me out. I can't sleep at night.
My wife gets pissed off at me, so I write these books.
I don't know. What do you do to get over your problems?
Anyway, I wrote this story called Andromeda Strain about a person named Andromeda who is just like going under a tremendous difficulty in his life.
Just a lot of strain in his life and he's trying to figure out what's going on.
This is the worst. I'm going to watch the original theatrical trailer.
20th Century Fox proudly presents Michael Crichton's Andromeda Strain.
Are you kidding me? These goats can't fly?
They don't. Someone else's will. Andromeda Strain.
Your lab results are inaccurate. Your personality is inaccurate too.
Andromeda Strain. I can't feel my passion. Why don't you feel my dick?
Andromeda Strain. The Chinese are everywhere.
Tell him to button his button.
Andromeda Strain. Run like you've got a pair.
I'll just... I'll follow what in heaven. Hello beyond there.
Andromeda. Andromeda, you're fired.
Strain.
Strain. Thanksgiving.
Strain just got a new first name name.
That was good.
Our biggest fan just walked out.
She's had a lot to drink. She's a Hillary voter.
Bullshit. I'm done with this.
I've had enough of this bullshit. I'm going to take a piss.
Monica, don't. I'm going to take a piss right now.
We're watching the Andromeda Strain, right? You and I?
No, I'm taking a piss.
Okay, but I'm just being... I mean...
I'm taking a piss.
Hey, Monica.
Yes?
Go ahead and piss, but I wanted to talk to you through the closed bathroom door.
Welcome this way.
We can't just keep doing this, right?
Let's go back to talking about politics.
Oh, no, okay. Anyway.
I can't do that. You know that.
Well, now you spoiled it.
Yeah.
I thought that's what you like to do. I'm just trying to make you happy.
I did it.
I tried talking to women about women.
You're haunting the place like Phantom of the Opera.
You're leaving? You're going to make Lego movies?
I want to know more about that beanstalk goat.
Was he like a guardian of the beanstalk?
I pictured him as some kind of doctor snuggles kind of creature with a long vine growing out of his chin.
Oh, so the vine didn't grow out of the ground.
It's actually dangling from the chin of a giant cosmic goat.
Right.
That's cool. There's your movie.
Cosmic goat.
All right. Well, what did we learn tonight?
Here, we'll do a role-playing thing, but I'll be Spencer.
All right. Let's do it.
Do you have a game platform for us or are you going to freestyle it?
We're going to play laser.
Wait, that's already used comedically.
We're going to play gamma world.
Gamma world.
Gamma potato.
Let's play cosmic goat.
All right. Here we go.
Dan, do you want some Spencer theme music to start us off here?
All right. Let's see what I got here.
Cosmic goat.
Here we go.
In the world of gamma potato,
the world is older than you've ever known.
Give me a second.
I'm glad you could join us.
Potatoes are the only thing that seems overtly comical.
I don't want to do that, the potato thing.
It seems like the piranha 3D thing.
It's like, I don't want to play it.
Gamma world.
All right. We'll just make it a regular.
Shadow run.
Reality.
No, real.
Give me a second.
Super. No, no, no.
I can beat that.
No.
Christ wars.
All right.
Now I'm in.
I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Okay.
I will be the cross of ice.
No, no, no.
Let him set it up for us.
I won't.
I'm going to let you make your characters in a second.
Okay.
The two of you have just woken up in a featureless room.
Six feet by six feet.
A sealed door, although you don't know it's sealed yet,
is on each wall for a total of four doors.
You are both naked, save for a light loincloth.
You have holes in your hands and feet.
You look the same except for certain distinguishing tattoos
on your right and or left biceps.
This is your time to introduce yourselves to each other
as you wake up on the floor of this featureless room.
Jeff, it's your turn.
What's up?
My name is...
Jesus.
Rob, your character is perceiving a person standing next to you
saying these things to you and he's just saying these things.
I have a tattoo of an olive branch on my right bicep.
I see you have one on your left bicep.
Yes, I do.
What's your name?
Jesus.
Rob, you feel a burning sensation in your head.
Yeah.
Your ancestors are saying to you in the form of a cat.
You see a cat in front of you with his wreath in flame
and he says, don't do that.
Just don't do that.
Don't do that.
You take 12 damage.
I should tell you guys there's a series of lights
in the corners of each corner.
There's a blue light alternately symmetrical with a red light
and a yellow light and it's alternating pattern going across
in the form of like a reverse cross, like a Mercedes symbol
but like flipping back and forth as each time the ceiling rotates
there's a red, yellow light and a blue light and then a green light.
In the center of the room there's an orange crystal.
I pick up the cat and using my unarmed combat...
You can't pick up a cat.
How do you pick up a cat?
I have plus 22 agility.
You don't see a cat.
There's no cat there to your knowledge.
Wasn't there a cat telling him what to do?
Rob's cat is like, you don't know.
It's a hallucinatory cat.
I use unarmed combat and I frontal kick Jesus right in the chest.
Ah, fuck, ow.
He's just...
Die for my sense.
You've received 17 damages, his foot caves into your sternum
and his heel sinks into your sternum.
Jesus.
That's my name.
The two of you are in a very strange situation at this point.
The ceiling starts to unscrew like a cork,
like a cap on a cork bottle
and it goes up as it spins around
and it goes up and a giant character says,
I want to talk to you about being God.
You look up and you see a character.
His head is the size of Pluto.
His eyes are each planets.
His mouth talks with a giant cave-like venom.
I look up and he says, I want the ruby of Francocon
and I'll stop it, nothing to get it.
He creates a wreath of flame and if that flame dies out,
you need to save versus burning.
You both fail to save versus burning.
I haven't had a turn yet.
You're both on fire right now.
I am on fire.
I haven't had a turn yet.
I have trap sense.
Did you roll my trap sense?
You sense that there are such a thing as traps in the universe.
Good one.
Vorthamama Khan says, I'm going to do this.
His hand comes out and it's the size of 8 million worlds.
You're all being pulled into it.
You're all inside a giant hand.
A finger comes inside that hand and you open a door
on the tip of that finger and you go into that finger.
Now you're inside a big black space
and there's an orange dot in the northwest corner,
a green dot 5 meters from that,
another orange dot in the center of the ceiling.
The whole thing is shaped like an egg but with a pyramid on top of it,
there's two lights that flash in this order.
Green, green, red, red, green, green, blue
and there's a cash register in the center of the room
doing a Pokemon reference.
I turn to his citizens and say, I know this one.
Why did you kick me so hard?
Because it's Christ wars but I realized just after this whole thing happened
we had to find the ruby of Demorja Khan.
Can I have my clothes back?
I give you back your loincloth under one condition,
that we work together to defeat...
You kicked me in the chest and took my clothes.
Because it's Christ wars.
Work together?
Now we're working together.
You're telling me to work together after you kicked me in the chest
and took my clothes.
Turn the other chest and let's work together.
While you guys are talking, the sky is crushing you.
I reach into my butt and I pull out a ruby.
Okay, you do that.
That happens.
I hold in a loft.
I still haven't had a turn.
You've had like nine turns.
This is free action stuff.
We're not in combat really, I don't think.
Okay, I push you over, take the ruby, give it to him and leave.
I just did that.
It just happened.
It happened.
Christ war has been declared.
I'm walking home.
The blackness folds around you, both of you feel like sandwiches inside a toaster.
There's blackness around you.
You can't move or speak for the next seven and a half minutes.
The eternity is keeping you from doing anything.
I cast toaster speech.
Okay, you do that.
Nothing happens.
Blackness continues to surround you.
Eternity moves into night.
Red lights become blue lights and you move into a new realm.
You look around you, it looks like there's a yellow world.
It's all yellow, everything's yellow.
If you look around and it's yellow and there's flowers and it feels very yellow.
And a guy comes up to you and goes like, hey, can I get you a pack?
Man?
I'll take a pack.
Can we talk now?
You guys are taking damage.
I'll take one pack.
Oh, okay, you get healed for a thousand points.
Thank you.
Oh, shit, I'm all healed.
Fuck, one of my holes is totally healed.
Are there any exits available to me?
There are two exits, everything's an exit.
I take both of them.
Technically speaking, everything's an exit.
Everything's an exit.
Am I still just wearing a loincloth?
You don't wear a loincloth, it's a loincloth, it's around your loins.
Okay.
Is the God figure the second?
Is he visible?
The God isn't a figure, there's a God or a figure.
Okay.
I use arcane knowledge to read the surroundings.
What does that mean?
Tell me what you're doing.
What arcane knowledge are you speaking of?
Just to see if I can read the runes or anything on the walls or anything.
Okay, a serpent is eating you.
A serpent is eating you.
As it sinks its teeth into you.
I cast Christ-like surrender and let him eat me.
I push his head into the mouth of the snake.
I help him, I help him.
And I say to the snake, I'm being eaten.
By doing this, I will be sitting at the right hand of my father after you digest me.
I help him, I'm pushing as hard as I can.
I negate my own ego and my five senses.
I attain apotheosis and I transcend.
I'm pushing him into that.
That happens.
You all do everything that you just described.
And as the mouth opens up, you see a sunrise coming up over an orange field.
Oh, that's so beautiful.
I love it.
A lone black figure bounds up, but he has a horn on his head.
And he says, I'll give you whatever you want.
My name's Nabisco.
Nabisco?
Do you have any triscuits?
I have lots of triscuits.
Nabisco? Can I have a triscuit?
What's your dexterity?
You're dying.
I don't care.
You're dead.
I am.
That happened.
You're dead.
You're dead too.
No, I'm not.
Yeah, you are.
No, he's right.
You're dead too.
You're so dead, man.
No, I'm not.
Right hand of snake god, I'm looking at you.
You're in heaven.
I'm looking at a dead guy.
This is the best place ever.
No, that's not possible.
Yeah, it is.
No.
You just got creep showed.
You got creep showed, motherfucker.
No.
Would you like more diet, Dr. Pepper, sir?
You fucking can't.
You fucking...
Make an order.
You're fucking clogging up the queue.
There's 18 cars behind you.
Oh, fucking day.
I said we weren't closing.
I'm...
I'm late for a game.
I just want a burger.
I was a dungeon master.
A master.
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
Sure you were.
And I'm Jackie Robinson.
You are.
You are Jackie Robinson.
Oh.
And you.
You're that retarded boy I saved from that coal mine.
Everyone in this room.
Everyone in this room is from a previous episode of the show that I star in,
where I leap from life to life.
There's only one explanation.
This is heaven.
I doubted for me to put you out.
It's heaven.
I go to the bathroom.
You walk into the bathroom.
The bathroom has three toilets.
One toilet is green.
One toilet is a lighter green.
One toilet is like a sea foam green.
There's no line in the heavenly bathroom.
Please, this way.
Let me open it.
Give me your hand.
Use the three seashells and go to the bathroom.
You guys are doing two different bits.
In heaven, bits are in tandem.
I go to the bathroom.
You do that.
I make a pee.
You make a pee.
I use the three seashells.
Which one do you use?
The third one.
The sea foam green one?
Underneath the third seashell is a peanut.
That happens.
I leave the bathroom.
And I notice something strange is going on.
There's something strange going on.
I'm drying my hands, man.
That's all I'm doing.
Just drying my hands.
Something strange is going on.
Someone's drying their hands.
They're just drying their hands.
They're drying their hands.
Just drying my hands.
You see a man.
He's a small, elven figure in a cloak.
And he's drying his hands.
I already know what I see.
Who are you?
I'm the bathroom attendant.
Would you like a tic-tac?
I'm the dungeon master.
The bathroom attendant starts turning into a troll.
What do you do?
Who are you?
You can't...
I'm another dungeon master.
What? You can't...
That doesn't happen.
Yes, it does.
That does happen.
The bathroom attendant turns into a troll
and starts eating your neck.
That happens.
You need to tell me.
I'm your neck.
I'm also a dungeon master.
No.
This one does happen.
And it passes through me.
That happens.
I bring out my sword and I charge both of you
with my sword, which is two dungeon masters.
The sword has to roll a five or greater.
This is the part one of the sword.
I'm a dungeon master.
That happens.
This is part two of the sword.
I'm also a dungeon master.
That doesn't happen.
My sword is immobile.
That's what happens.
That happens.
I said it didn't happen.
Yeah, I said it did.
You seem to be in a strange situation.
There's dungeon masters everywhere
saying that's happening,
but something's not happening.
The movie is about to start.
The lights are flickering up and down.
Are you going to go make it in time?
Yes.
You sit down and you watch a trailer
for Norm of the North.
And watch the Revenant.
I pull a mirror out of my pocket
and look into it.
That happens.
In the mirror you see a dungeon master.
It's me.
Hey.
Why isn't it me?
Hey, I didn't write this dungeon master.
How are you a master then?
I checked the mirror for secret doors.
Checking the mirror for secret doors.
I find a secret door.
The secret door opens with a secret mirror.
I go behind the secret door.
You do that.
There's a whole chamber of mirrors
and everything's a mirror.
Hey, I'm stuck in here too.
I'm a mirror.
My name's Amir.
One of the mirrors seems to be different from the mirrors.
The mirror is talking to you.
Hey, what's going on?
My name's Amir.
You know?
Wait.
Do you know what I mean?
Amir.
My name's Amir.
You mean a Middle Eastern mirror named Amir.
Right.
I'm just a person named Amir.
Gotcha.
I wrote this dungeon.
I just want to make sure that everybody knows that it's spelled like E-M-I-R.
Thank you.
Okay, good.
While this is happening, all the glass in all the room
breaks down into individual shards
and all the shards coalesce into a large thing.
That's a huge person.
Hello, I am Gamma Potato.
Oh, shit.
What are we going to do?
I'm Amir.
The last shard monster looks over his shoulders
at the Gamma Potato voice and says,
I didn't say that.
I'm Mirror Shard.
I'm Amir.
We should get along.
That happens, but it's not supposed to.
I'm Amir, man.
I'm Amir.
While this is happening, the Mirror Shard man points his hands
in a magical manner at both of you.
It makes everything explode.
Everything explodes.
Everything you say makes you explode.
Everything explodes and you're completely alone
in a black void.
Shard man, my name's Amir.
You know, my name's Amir.
And there's a bunch of mirrors.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Kind of cool.
I don't get your point.
Amir sounds like a mirror.
Okay.
If you say it.
He takes his mirror fist and it grows to the size
of eight million suns and it crushes around you
and it squeezes you and it makes your whole soul die.
I would think you...
All of your energy goes away and you can't exist anymore
and you've never existed across all time.
You've never existed.
And you can't speak ever.
The mirror man rises up and says,
No, you're mine.
I finally have you now.
I've got you now.
Cliff Hanger.
This is the regular room.
Oh, yeah.
To be continued, everybody.
Let's hear for Rob Schaab, shall we?
Zoe Lister Jones, Junior Jones.
Thank you for joining us.
Also, I won't be different.
The Chicago show is coming up when?
Next Sunday?
It's next Sunday.
The Chicago show, yes.
In Chicago?
No.
Okay, got that right.
No, it isn't.
Not in prison to ask.
February 20th.
February 20th in Chicago, California.
Chicago Park West, Chicago, America.
Chicago, Illinois.
Somebody get it right.
Yeah, bad question to ask anybody on stage.
Yeah, wherever we are next, look it up.
I'm Jeff Davis.
I'm Jeffrey Amir.
Dan Harmon, everybody.
Thank you.
Wow.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.